# coding-examples
In this repository are two different pieces of code that I wrote for the purpose of showing prospective employers my work.

The first file, onboard_scrubbed.py, is a Python script written to prompt users (either our product team or application teams transferring from our old AIOps software, Moogsoft, to our new software, Big Panda) for information about their team, and then uses that information to make REST calls to perform a combination of four functions: off board from Moogsoft non-production or production by way of removing the team’s contact information and notification preferences for paging and ticketing through xMatters and Cherwell respectively from their team’s description in each environment, and/or onboard their team in Big Panda by adding their team’s name and notification preferences to the map of onboarded teams in Big Panda production or non-production. This script has been scrubbed of all secrets (all secrets removed and replaced with xxxxxxxxxxx).

The second file, azure_rest_js_example.js, is a snippet from one of the Moobots in Moogsoft, which handles the receipt of alerts from Azure, and then converts that data into the format that Moogsoft is expecting. This snippet in particular handles the receipt of a team’s identifier (either a shortname, a component ID, or an Archer ID), which can be stored in one of two places in an Azure alert, either at the resource level (less accurate) or at the alert group level (more accurate and therefore prioritized). This code prioritizes component ID first (as a component ID is a subset of an application and often the parent application’s Archer ID or shortname is included as well), then shortname (the newer standard), and then Archer ID (the deprecated identifier standard). This snippet also includes a function which drops the azure alert data after extracting the identifier if the alert details are longer than 16347 characters, a common problem in many cases as teams tend to send far more data than necessary with their alerts. Finally, this snippet includes a function (scrubbed of any secrets) that handles the REST commands to log in to Azure, generate a new auth token, and store it if the token has expired (another common occurrence), including error handling.
